
take back your internet life


Tired of finding yourself in the deep dark pockets of the internet after hours of clicking through link after link?
Sick of spending too much time on Facebook? Spending too much money on Amazon Prime?
Use Stripper today to experience link-free browsing on any web page and take back your internet life!



DEMO

*Does this ever happen to you?
We don't want to see a guy with a rat cold
Why did Wikipedia do this to us?
*How did this happen - we hit a link
*How do we stop this from happening again? let's get rid of those links

*That's why we've created Stripper, the link-stripping plugin that lets you take back your internet life.

*It's simple.
*Let's show you how it works.
Facebook works hard to keep us on their site all day.
now strip that page
But with Stripper, you can't like. You can't comment. You can't share. You get what you want and then you're done.
Mark Zuckerberg can't tell you what to do

*Not only does Stripper save you time, but it also saves you money
*Here's something you do every day.
You're buying a toaster
now Mark Bezos wants you to buy panties
those won't look good on that toaster

*You're probably wondering, where did all those links go
don't worry, we put them in a text file so you can type them in /on your terms/

*You must be wondering how do you get this amazing product?
go to our website and type in our download link

*and that's Stripper: Saving yourself from yourself
thank you














premium feature keeps you always in Stripper mode












: for the internet weary








craigslist
look at all the things I could go to...
...but I won't





go back to home page
scroll down to show download link
scroll down to show some good links you can use








stackoverflow home page
ooo, these are some good questions












what if it works? publishers will change
That would be a better society, closer to loved ones - do you know your husband's eye color?

premium feature: always in Stripper mode

what are future features?
what happens if everyone starts using it?

do you get links back?
we've put them in a file for you










reddit
hacker news




save you from yourself
fighting industry trying to keep you on the site
chipping away at free will



scissors -- those links need to cut it out
















TODO:

- make it remove buttons with links
- finalize website
- work on pitch











